[Core] Add TAPPING_RELEASE_HOLD_TERM option for Tapping Force Hold (#15508)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/tap_hold.md

}
```

For an option to interrupt force hold, add the following to `config.h`:

```c

> #define TAPPING_RELEASE_HOLD_TERM TAPPING_TERM - 100

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#define TAPPING_RELEASE_HOLD_TERM 100
```

and should probably add a check to make sure the define is less than the tapping term

Author: What would be a good way to warn about this during compile-time?

Reviewer 2: Alternatively, we could say that the user is supposed to define the term with an offset relative to the tapping term and then in the code we do `TAPPING_TERM - TAPPING_RELEASE_HOLD_TERM`. That way, it's impossible to go above the tapping term.

Author: That is also not foolproof if user assigns a `TAPPING_RELEASE_HOLD_TERM` value that is larger than `TAPPING_TERM`, resulting with a negative timer value. Perhaps compile-time `#pragma message` warning might work here?

```

> When a tap-hold key is held again after tapping within `TAPPING_FORCE_HOLD_TERM` in milliseconds, force hold will be interrupted. This will provide user the ability to deliberately override force hold with quick tap and hold action to auto-repeat a key. `TAPPING_FORCE_HOLD_TERM` must be less than `TAPPING_TERM` or tapping force hold will be disabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a tap-hold key is held again after tapping within `TAPPING_FORCE_HOLD_TERM` in milliseconds, the hold action is selected. If you want to auto-repeat the keycode associated to the dual-role key, you'd need to tap the dual-role key and then wait for the `TAPPING_FORCE_HOLD_TERM` to expire before holding it.

`TAPPING_FORCE_HOLD_TERM` must be less than `TAPPING_TERM` or else tapping force hold will be disabled.
```
